******************************************************
*n6sdk*: Server-side Software Development Kit for *n6*
******************************************************

*n6* (Network Security Incident eXchange) is a system to collect,
manage and distribute security information on a large scale (see:
http://www.cert.pl/projekty/langswitch_lang/en).  Distribution is
realized through a simple REST API that authorized users can use to
receive various types of data, in particular information on threats to
their networks.

The *n6sdk* library was created to foster exchange of information
across organizations.  The library makes it easier to implement an
*n6*-like REST API that provides access to your own source of
security-related data.


Basic References
================

* **Home page:** https://github.com/CERT-Polska/n6sdk
* **Documentation:** http://n6sdk.readthedocs.org/


Copyright, License and Authors
==============================

Basic Legal Information
-----------------------

Copyright (c) 2013-2015 `Naukowa i Akademicka Sieć Komputerowa
(Research and Academic Computer Network)`_.  All rights reserved.
See also: the *Supplementary Attributions* section below.

.. _Naukowa i Akademicka Sieć Komputerowa (Research and Academic
  Computer Network): http://www.nask.pl

The *n6sdk* library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version
2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License, Version 2, for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License,
Version 2, along with this software (see: the ``LICENSE.txt`` file in
the source code directory).  If not, see:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html#SEC1.


Main Authors
------------

The developers of *n6sdk* are:

* Jan Kaliszewski,
* Mateusz Kukawski,
* Łukasz Michalak,
* Marcin Ptak,
* Mariusz Szot,

*NASK, Software Development Department*.

The project is developed for `CERT Polska`_.  Contact us via e-mail:
n6@cert.pl.

.. _CERT Polska: http://www.cert.pl/


Supplementary Attributions
--------------------------

Small portions of the software have been created and are copyrighted
by other parties; appropriate notes are placed in the concerned source
code files.

Moreover,

* major portions of the
  ``n6sdk/scaffolds/basic_n6sdk_scaffold/*_tmpl`` files were generated
  by the tools provided by the `Pyramid`_ web framework;

* major portions of the ``docs/Makefile`` and ``docs/source/conf.py``
  files were generated by the `Sphinx`_ documentation tool.

.. _Pyramid: http://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/pyramid/en/latest/

.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org/


Acknowledgements
----------------

This work is partially supported by the Strategic International
Collaborative R&D Promotion Project of the Ministry of Internal Affairs
and Communication, Japan, and by the European Union Seventh Framework
Programme (FP7/2007--2013) under grant agreement No. 608533 (NECOMA).

For more information on the NECOMA project see:
http://www.necoma-project.eu/
